Among the opponents of openness include the citizens' initiative Airport
Tempelhof
the citizens' initiative for the reuse of the airport Tempelhof
the autofrei initiative lives just like the alliance Temple of open
an association of airport opponents
Nature Conservation Association the federal and NABU as well as Alliance 90 the Greens
the main arguments of things are security risks
aircraft noise
Air pollution as well as unprofitability
in fact, there is no need for land in the vicinity
the surrounding residential areas in Neukölln and newly Tempelhof are strongly built
the so-called roaming WMC sterile are barely present
The airport does not meet the standards of a modern airport
In addition, the Berlin would not be further on an inner-city airport
reliant
The decision of a common transport airport became in the nineties
Never set time for an extra-urban airport would be ripe
especially the unprofitability is an argument in the weight
that's how the airport has been producing millions of euros since the fall of the Wall
which would have to be absorbed by the profits in Tegel the
Airport opponents Hamm with argus eyes recorded the decline Temple UVS
according to their website to the airlines German BA Lufthansa
CityLine
screamers
and his honorable
SHS Rheintal Bolte Care CSR Augsburg Airways Blue Wings Laux he Koss l as well
Stirling Airways leaving the airport
had completely stopped their flight operations Conti flight
TAM Blues Express
Berlin special plane that he likes Hamburg 1 of the
Duration and III
The reasons were according to opponents many times low demand for the offered
aim
cheaper prices of the competition or larger companies
Possibility to exchange machines for common was Torn
and to change in one place
The undisputed, however, seems the fact that is smaller
Airlines on the market continue to have heavier than their larger
competitors
when he tore his connection to Saarbrücken for the winter timetable Nuzzi 08
gives up
it could be because that other airlines such as Air Berlin the
Connection service possibly to cheaper airfares
while RWE boasts
Mesrine German cities as all other competitors to fly
if the chances of survival for airlines with smaller
Machines getting worse
A major legal concern is that the
piled 4000 complaints from residents of Schönefeld finally as
could prove negative
if Tempelhof is kept open
the BI BPM grant in acute danger
The Teague airport is also said to be closed when the baby is opened
become
possibly, however, the military part remains there
to be able to manufacture governmentally
The Berlin Senate, meanwhile, stumbles on its unfortunate airport policy
around
the newspaper three hastily prepared and incorrect notification of the
the Berlin airport company of the operating obligation the Pokerface
should liberate or consequently complain in court
in the same year hitherto ruling mayor Wowereit still
Copenhagen »and with the operators of the Tivoli
to talk about investment
In the pedigrees waterworks Jungfernheide and Enter Forest can do that
Airport area Tempelhof into consideration
a major shortcoming is certainly the late discussion on reuse
of the airport there
but no one knows exactly what with the building and the 386 hectares
Terrain happens
In 2007, the Berlin Senate announced an online discussion
with interested citizens
more than 900 proposals were received and Federal Council held
while the Senator for Urban Development Ingeborg Junge-reyer im
August 2007 for a large bath she pronounced
The financial Senna expensive Sarrazin thought
already the maggots out there
and the airport was
no Philips rose
and also the ruling mayor Wowereit appreciated the value of the
Airport to zero
Zuses see approval for the signature collection for
Referendum by the community of interests City Airport
by the arrogant behavior of lead SPD and Green politicians
national and federal level to airport supporters
the green-faction leader Renate Künast both the Volksbegehren one
Bullying of the citizens
Michelle Müller
spd fraction chief in deal house
for the signatures success in his temple Oberstimm respect to the strong
Agitation beside area by the community of interests City Airport
back
on the eleventh of november 2010 the Tagesspiegel writes
Müller speaks of nostalgia
from the "misunderstanding"
waste the buildings with the decommissioning
to be dead
he does not believe that it is after a large initial participation in the referendum
still be much more votes
as the constitutionalist Rupert Scholz of the CDU the need
a closure 4 percent and the baby legally doubted this
said Müller as such an opinion represents
not be exempted
It exists on the part of the proponents of the reproach of the Berlin senate trade
arbitrary and the opinion of the citizens count nothing
also in the Brandenburg state policy, the small airports must close
there is resistance
This is how the convoy of the Ministry of Economics Hans spoke of the CDU
for keeping Tempelhof open to small business travelers
finds trouble in the grand coalition was kindled
leading Brandenburg politicians of the SPD and the left criticized him
then sharp
Politics is one thing
but what about the economy
who could profit from the closure of Tempelhof?
The Confederation will be early interested in the military part of the airport
Sign up for Tegel
so a complete closure of Tegel's fun never comes into question
this and a mere ferry but a definite possibility
to hide the building and the land
One third of the area is to be built according to the usage plan with Phone Gewerbe
become
Rumors circulate on the internet that they themselves are leading Berlin politicians in
the nineties with property ownership in the entry lanes
around Tempio
in fact, scarselli Neukölln were especially at the time of the youngest
Real estate booms in the capital until 2006
as domestic and foreign investors very much in demand